>> Scott Moss: So
let's just hop right into service.
So there's this really cool website
called service.com, it's in the README.
And basically what I wanna do is,
before we talk about serverless and
serverless, cuz there's two serverlesses.
I wanna talk about what lambda is, and
what functions as a service means,
and how all that's coming together.
So me,
I'm not really a person to do slides.
Actually, we're gonna do slides for
this course, but then at the last minute,
I decided to take them out, because it was
just all AWS, so I decided not to do that.
So I wanna move away from that, and
get into more practical things.
But short, I just wanna talk about
functions as a service and lambdas.
So basically, functions as a service
is being able to deploy functions
in the cloud, and then run those
functions based on some type of event.
That's basically it.
The difference between that, and a
traditional server where it's a long lived
server, that's on some
port that's always on,
that is probably listening for some HTTP
request to come in, that's the difference.
Functions as a service,
they don't do that.
They're not long-lived.
They only spin up when they're subscribing
to an event and that event happens.
And then, they shut down.
They're stateless.
So that's the big difference there.
And most platforms charge
you per usage for that.
AWS is one of the cheapest.
And then, getting into Lambda, that's
the name of AWS's functions as as service.
It's called lambda.
So whenever you hear someone say lambda,
they're specifically talking about AWS's
functions as a service, and not some
other functions on some other platform.
And pretty much every other platform
has their own functions as a service,
Azure functions,
Google Cloud functions through Firebase.
Even Alt Zero has some called of web task,
you can do,
you can even create your own
using Kubernetes if you want to.
There's so many different platforms for
functions as a service.
The AWS by far is the best
which we'll soon discover.
Any questions on any of that language and
any of the stuff that
we just talked about?
Distinguishes between lambdas and
functions as a service, and AWS,
that cleared some stuff for some people.
>> Scott Moss: Cool.